doc: Initial implementation of CMake reference doc (#87083)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/build/cmake-ref/variable/LLEXT_REMOVE_FLAGS.rst

LLEXT_REMOVE_FLAGS
##################

> Global list of compiler flags to remove when compiling llext code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global list of regular expressions describing compiler flags to be removed from compiler invocations when compiling extensions.
Target and compiler dependent, usually set in toolchain files.
```
